Add description of ad object fields (#558)
WICG/turtledove: FLEDGE.md

   mode does not have the same limitations on what top-level sites can join or leave
   the interest group.

> The `ads` list contains the various ads that the interest group might show.  Each entry is an object that must contain an `renderUrl` property with the URL for the ad that would be shown. An ad may also have the following optional properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ads` list contains the various ads that the interest group might show.  Each entry is an object that must contain a `renderURL` property with the URL for the ad that would be shown. An ad may also have the following optional properties:
```

 * `adRenderId`: A short [Bytestring](https://webidl.spec.whatwg.org/#es-ByteString) up to 8 characters long serving as an identifier for this ad in this interest group. When this field is specified it will be sent instead of the full ad object for [B&A server auctions](https://github.com/WICG/turtledove/blob/main/FLEDGE_browser_bidding_and_auction_API.md).

 * `buyerAndSellerReportingId`: If set, the value is used instead of the interest group name or `buyerReportingId` for reporting in `reportWin` and `reportResult`. Note that this field needs to be jointly k-anonymous with the interest group owner, bidding script URL, and render URL to be provided to these reporting fuctions (in the same way that the interest group name would have needed to be).

 * `buyerReportingId`: If set, the value is used instead of the interest group name for reporting in `reportWin`. Note that this field needs to be jointly k-anonymous with the interest group owner, bidding script URL, and render URL to be provided to these reporting fuctions (in the same way that the interest group name would have needed to be).

 * `metadata`: Arbitrary metadata that can be used at bidding time.

> The `adComponents` field contains the various ad components (or "products") that can be used to construct ["Ads Composed of Multiple Pieces"](https://github.com/WICG/turtledove/blob/main/FLEDGE.md#34-ads-composed-of-multiple-pieces)). Similar to the `ads` field, each entry is an object that includes a `renderURL` and optional `adRenderId`, and `metadata` fields. Thanks to `ads` and `adComponents` being separate fields, the buyer is able to update the `ads` field via the `updateUrl` without losing `adComponents` stored in the interest group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `adComponents` field contains the various ad components (or "products") that can be used to construct ["Ads Composed of Multiple Pieces"](https://github.com/WICG/turtledove/blob/main/FLEDGE.md#34-ads-composed-of-multiple-pieces)). Similar to the `ads` field, each entry is an object that includes a `renderURL` and optional `adRenderId`, and `metadata` fields. Thanks to `ads` and `adComponents` being separate fields, the buyer is able to update the `ads` field via the `updateURL` without losing `adComponents` stored in the interest group.
```

   mode does not have the same limitations on what top-level sites can join or leave
   the interest group.

> The `ads` list contains the various ads that the interest group might show.  Each entry is an object that must contain an `renderUrl` property with the URL for the ad that would be shown. An ad may also have the following optional properties:

Reviewer 2: >An ad may also have the following optional properties:
Wouldn't at least one `sizeGroup` be needed (it is part of the k-anon computation), else how would the auction determine an ad's suitability? Or is it permissible to specify an `adSize` on an ad?

Reviewer 2: Sorry I muddled two things there @brusshamilton.  My 

>how would the auction determine an ad's suitability

intended to ask 

how would the auction determine the ad's suitability to fit the ad slot dimensions?

Author: Presumably the bidding script has some way of knowing. Either through the metadata associated with an ad or other data in the interest group.

We are going to be adding the sizeGroup eventually (see pull request #417), but it doesn't make sense to ad a reference to it before that pull request lands.

>  * `adRenderId`: A short identifier for this ad in this context. When this field is specified it will be sent instead of the full ad object for [B&A server auctions](https://github.com/WICG/turtledove/blob/main/FLEDGE_browser_bidding_and_auction_API.md).

Reviewer: We need to specify a type here, e.g. string or BigInt.

Author: Done. It has been specified to be an 8 byte string.

Reviewer 2: >Done. It has been specified to be an 8 byte string.

Is PAAPI UTF-8 all through?

Reviewer: Hmm that's an interesting point.  JavaScript and ECMAScript strings are UTF-16 (e.g. [charCodeAt()](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String/charCodeAt) returns a 16-bit number).  So does an 8-byte string imply at most 4 characters?

Author: I think Chrome uses UTF-8 for strings internally, but that's a detail we shouldn't leak.

The intent was not to only be 4 characters, but rather to be 8 characters. Perhaps it would be better for us to define it as a `ByteString` instead of a `DOMString`. Then the IDL would perform the correct conversion and would enforce that each character's code was <= 255. That would ensure that the length of the JavaScript string and the length of the internal Chrome string was the same.

Author: That is correct.

Reviewer 2: I could see IG owners perhaps using accented characters with codes > 255 in interest group names. 
If there is not a warning about this constraint would you please add one in the docs?

>  * `adRenderId`: A short identifier for this ad in this context. When this field is specified it will be sent instead of the full ad object for [B&A server auctions](https://github.com/WICG/turtledove/blob/main/FLEDGE_browser_bidding_and_auction_API.md).

Reviewer 2: >A short identifier for this ad in this context

_In this context_ meaning in this interest group.

Author: Fixed.

>  * `buyerAndSellerReportingId`: If set, the value is used instead of the interest group name or `buyerReportingId` for reporting in `reportWin` and `reportResult`. Note that this field needs to be jointly k-anonymous with the interest group owner, bidding script URL, and render URL to be provided to these reporting fuctions (in the same way that the interest group name would have needed to be).

Reviewer 3: Would either `buyerAndSellerReportingId` or `buyerReportingId` need to be sent for B&A server auctions?

>  * `buyerReportingId`: If set, the value is used instead of the interest group name or `buyerReportingId` for reporting in `reportWin`. Note that this field needs to be jointly k-anonymous with the interest group owner, bidding script URL, and render URL to be provided to these reporting fuctions (in the same way that the interest group name would have needed to be).

Author: Fixed.

 * `metadata`: Arbitrary metadata that can be used at bidding time.

>  * `sizeGroup`: The name of the sizeGroup that this ad is associated with.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  * `sizeGroup`: The name of the sizeGroup that this ad is associated with. If the size group is specified, these render URLs may contain macros `{%AD_WIDTH%}` and `{%AD_HEIGHT%}`, which will be automatically replaced with the appropriate width and height after an auction, so that the initial resource request can fetch appropriately sized assets.Note that this field needs to be jointly k-anonymous with the interest group owner, bidding script URL, and render URL to be provided to these reporting fuctions (in the same way that the interest group name would have needed to be).

Author: Done. Removed the offending sentences.

>  * `sizeGroup`: The name of the sizeGroup that this ad is associated with. If the size group is specified, these render URLs may contain macros `{%AD_WIDTH%}` and `{%AD_HEIGHT%}`, which will be automatically replaced with the appropriate width and height after an auction, so that the initial resource request can fetch appropriately sized assets.Note that this field needs to be jointly k-anonymous with the interest group owner, bidding script URL, and render URL to be provided to these reporting fuctions (in the same way that the interest group name would have needed to be).

Reviewer: This still references sizeGroup which is undefined without #417.  I'm thinking we should remove that reference until #417 is merged.

>  * `sizeGroup`: The name of the sizeGroup that this ad is associated with. If the size group is specified, these render URLs may contain macros `{%AD_WIDTH%}` and `{%AD_HEIGHT%}`, which will be automatically replaced with the appropriate width and height after an auction, so that the initial resource request can fetch appropriately sized assets.Note that this field needs to be jointly k-anonymous with the interest group owner, bidding script URL, and render URL to be provided to these reporting fuctions (in the same way that the interest group name would have needed to be).

Author: Removed the references to sizeGroup

> The `adComponents` field contains the various ad components (or "products") that can be used to construct ["Ads Composed of Multiple Pieces"](https://github.com/WICG/turtledove/blob/main/FLEDGE.md#34-ads-composed-of-multiple-pieces)). Similarly to the `ads` field, each entry is an object that includes both a rendering URL, `adRenderId`, `sizeGroup`, and `metadata`. Thanks to `ads` and `adsComponents` being separate fields, the buyer is able to update the `ads` field via the `updateUrl` without losing `adComponents` stored in the interest group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `adComponents` field contains the various ad components (or "products") that can be used to construct ["Ads Composed of Multiple Pieces"](https://github.com/WICG/turtledove/blob/main/FLEDGE.md#34-ads-composed-of-multiple-pieces)). Similar to the `ads` field, each entry is an object that includes `renderURL`, and an optional `adRenderId` and `metadata`. Thanks to `ads` and `adsComponents` being separate fields, the buyer is able to update the `ads` field via the `updateUrl` without losing `adComponents` stored in the interest group.
```

Author: Fixed the typo. Yes, the optimization for B&A currently specifies that the adRenderId will be sent instead of the ad object.
